Write LSL and php code according to the below steps:

Step#1: (Storing players)
1- Create an Isl script that can select from avatars around in a 20 meter radius. 
2- Once a player is selected in second life the player should press attack.
3- Attack button should send both players names to the PHP file, the php file will store both attacker and defender in database 
4- alert the players that their healing will be paused for the next 2 hours. 

Step#2: (Performing action)
1- Each player should be checked if they have any health. 
2- If their health is 0 the PHP should send a message back saying in general chat that the player has no health in HUD. 
3- After checking health, Each player will be generated a random number 1-20 and their health regeneration will be paused for the next 2 hours. Player will be alerted to this and asked if they want to attack.
4- If the number is less than five the player auto loses and move to STEP#3.
5- Once both players have a random number the PHP code will add the attacking player ATTACK points to their randomly generated number.
6- The PHP code will then compare the two numbers. The larger of the two numbers wins.
7- STEP#3 should activate here for the looser. 
8- The PHP code will send back to the attacking player’s HUD a message to display in main chat that says that the Attacking player avatar name either hits or misses.

Step#3:
1- On any player loss the losing player should have their profile checked to see if there are any stored re-rolls.
2- If there are re-rolls send a message to that player offering them the option of using the reroll.
3- If they select yes, they will repeat number generation and comparison to see if the second roll has provided a higher number.






Step#1: (Storing players)

LSL Script (battle_script):

Detect avatars within a 20-meter radius using llSensor.
Allow the selected player to press the attack button.
On button press, send both players' names to the PHP script using llHTTPRequest.
The PHP script should store the attacker and defender in a database.
Send a message back to both players' HUDs to alert them about the healing pause.
Step#2: (Performing action)

LSL Script (battle_script):

Check each player's health status using llGetObjectDetails.
If any player's health is 0, send a message to general chat about their health status.
Generate random numbers (1-20) for both players.
Pause health regeneration for both players for 2 hours using timers or similar mechanisms.
Send a message to both players, asking if they want to attack.
If the attacker's random number is less than 5, auto-move to Step#3.
If both players want to attack, add attacker's ATTACK points to their random number.
Compare the two numbers and determine the winner.
Display a message in main chat about the attack outcome.
Step#3:

LSL Script (battle_script):

Determine the losing player based on the attack outcome.
Check if the losing player has any stored re-rolls in their profile.
If there are re-rolls, offer the player the option to use a re-roll.
If the player selects yes, generate a new random number and compare it with the previous roll.
Determine the new outcome and update the player's status accordingly.
